---
linktitle: Agreements
menu:
  main
title: Agreements
weight: 10
hide_readingtime: true
showsidebar: true
---

1. Confidentiality: Nothing said by other men in the circle can be
spoken about outside of circles. I may not even say which men were at
circle. I may, however, talk about my own experience. Group
facilitators are not bound by this agreement in the case of
expressions of intent to harm self or others. Recording any portion of
the meeting is prohibited.

2. No drugs or alcohol. If I am high or have been drinking, I will
tell the group and honor this sacred space.

3. I will arrive on time. Punctuality is very important, as it
reinforces integrity.

4. I am not here to fix people.

5. I am not here to serve other men, I am are here to serve myself. By
serving myself the circle is better served as I take responsibility
for anything that comes up for me personally.

6. I do our best to use I Statements, not You/We statements. When I
take responsibility for my language I can take responsibility for
myself.

7. I will ask another man before giving feedback. He may say no.

8. Feedback is a reflection on what I heard/saw/felt, and is focused
on the man who is sharing. Opinions and Advice are only given if
requested.

9. I will not interrupt - I will use hand gestures to signify
resonance‚Ä¶ ‚Ä¶ with the exception of maintaining the integrity of the
container or calling a man if he goes too deep into story.

10. I agree that every man has the right to pass on any exercise.

11. I will refrain from initiating any business or personal
relationship with other participants that a reasonable person would
find unethical or exploitative.

12. I will check out before leaving a session. If I fail to do so, or
exhibit concerning behavior I understand that another attendee may
contact me, my emergency contact, or emergency services.

13. If my internet drops, I will call or text meeting organizers using
provided information to me by meeting organizers.

14. Non-Violence - Violence can be physical, verbal, emotional, or
spiritual. I acknowledge that my words and actions have an impact on
those around me. I take responsibility for my words and actions.

**Acknowledgement & Commitment**

*I understand that the ManKind Project trainings, programs, and groups
are not a substitute for professional mental health services. I am 18
years of age or older. I commit to being empathetic, compassionate,
respectful, and welcoming to all who attend regardless of their
race/ethnicity, ability, socio-economic status, age, religion, or
sexual orientation. I understand that I may be removed from the group
at any time for being disruptive or not following the ground rules or
guidelines.*


- - - - -

If you agree to the above, feel free to email tokyo Œ±ùê≠ mkpjapan.org for more information about attending.
